The Red House Dream.
Author: Cao Celebrella

This document is downloaded by 115 novels (txt.org).That's right, 115wg.Image by Flickr user pic.twitter.comThis document is searchable from the Internet and copyright belongs to the author!

Volume 1
For the first time, the Prince had a vision of the spirit, and the village of Jia Yu was in love with the girl.
For the first time, the Prince had a vision of the spirit, and the village of Jia Yu was in love with the girl.
　　The first time this roll was opened.The author has written this book: "The Book of the Stones" in the words of "Message" because of what he had dreamed.So the clouds and the clouds are called 'Scene'.But who is in the Book? And he who is in it? And he who is in it, and he who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and who is in it, and what is in it, and what is in it, and what is in it, and what is in it, and what is in it, and what is in it, and what is in it?Why should I be a judge of my house, when there is more shame than there is, and there is no greater regret than the day when there will be? Then when there is a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be no more than a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there will be a day when there be a day when there will be a day when there will be no more.Even though today's twigs, twirling beds, mornings and evenings, and twigs, do not harm my heart with pens and ink.Even though I have not learned, and I am not writing, why should it be that I can play a story in a pseudo-village, so that my family will be able to tell the story, so that the eyes of the world will be filled with sorrow, and so it will not be appropriate?
　　Any use of the word “dream” in this return is a reminder of the eyes of those who read it, and it is the intention of the book.
　　Apostates: "Where do you say this book comes from? It's funny to say that the root of the book is absurd, but the fine touch is interesting."And let it be noted, so that those who have seen it may not be confused.
　　It was then that, while she was making amends to the sky, she became a man of 12 years in the barren mountains, three thousand and five hundred pieces of rock in the region.The Crown Prince spent only $36,500 and left only one piece of it unused and left it under this mountain.Who knows that this stone has become spiritual since it was purified, that it has been perfected, that it has nothing to do with itself, that it is self-pity, and that it is shamed by day and night.
　　One day, on the occasion of the eulogy, Russia saw a monk who was far away, born with a great bone and a very different God, and sat at the top of the laughter and spoke of speed.First, there are things about the clouds and the sea gods, and then they talk about the rich and the rich in the red dust.The stone hears it and does not feel touched by it, and wants to enjoy it in the human race, but he hates himself for being a fool and, as a matter of fact, spits and says to the monk, "Master, you are a fool, you cannot be courteous."I hear you two talk about the glory and the glory and the passion of the world.But the prodigal prowess, though thick and foolish, is of a slightly more sexual nature, as the second-mistress, who has chosen to be extraordinary, shall have the means to provide for the world, and the virtues to be given to the human being.And as for him who is blinded by mercy, he shall enter the dust with his brother, and in that rich place he shall enjoy for a few years in a gentle country, and he shall never forget him.And the two fairies heard and laughed, and said, “Woe to goodness! But there is some joy in that dust, but it cannot be held back forever, nor is it true.”The good things are not enough, the good things are connected, the good things are very sad in the short run, and it is better to have the first dream, and to return to the void.“This is a stone whose heart is incredulous, and it is heard therein, and it is a question of requital.”It's not compulsory, it's sarcastic: “It's quiet, it's quiet, it's all there is to it.Even so, we take you with us to enjoy ourselves, only to regret it when we do not want to.Stoneways: "Natural, natural.And the monk said, “If you speak of your sex, you are so stupid and unsurprising.And that's all I have to do.I'm helping you now, too, until the end of the day, to restore the essence of this case.Did you say good? "The rocks heard, thank you.Then the monk recited the spell, and the great conjurer made a great stone come to pass into a clear and beautiful Jade, and then he shrunk into a peacock of the size of a falling.And the monk put it on his palm and smiled, and said, "The shape is also a treasure. It's not enough, it's the real good. It has to be numbered so that you can see it as a miracle."Then bring thee to the land of Changming, the people of the Psalms, the willows, the tender, the rich and the rich.And the stone hears, and the joy is inexorable, and asks: “I do not know the wonders which have been given to my disciples, but I do not know where to carry my disciples? And I pray to beg, so that my disciples may not be disturbed.The monk smiled, "Don't ask, it will be understood later."And he said, “He has shrugged the stone, and he has drifted away with it without knowing where to go.”
　　Later, several years later, when an empty-spaced man visited the Qing Xin, he passed through the barren cliffs of this barren mountain, and a large stone was seen in writing and writing the history.From the very first look, the empty-spaced man is a story of a world in which there is nothing to be done, a world in which no one can be seen, a world in which no human being can be found, and a world in which no one can be seen as a human being.There's another cloud in the back:
　　There is nothing to make up the sky, and enter into the dust in vain for a year.
　　Who remembers the legend of the past? This is the story of the stone that fell in the land, the place where it was born, and the story that he personally experienced.Among them, family chores, as well as vibes, are or may be entertained, but at the age of generations, the country is lost.
　　The airfarers said to the stones: “Stok, your story is, according to yourself, interesting and has been written here in an attempt to ask the legends of the world.From my point of view, the first is that there is no inter-generational age, and the second is that there is no good governance of the customs of the pilgrims, of which there are only a few different women, either in love or in love, or in love, or in small talent, or in a class, and the virtues of the Tsai daughter.And I have copied it, lest the worlds might not like to see it.Rocks laugh and say, "My teacher is so crazy! If there is no way to pass the test, how can it be difficult for my teacher to use Han-tung as an age?"
　　But I think that the history of the past is the same, as if I were one of those who do not use it, but who is new and strange, but only by reason, why should I be confined to the age of the dynasty? Once again, there are few people in the city who like to read the book of good governance, and a lot of people who like to enjoy it.The history of the past, whether it is in the name of a man or a man, or of a woman or a woman, is indescribable.There is also a wind-and-mortality ink, and it stinks, and it kills poison ink, and there are countless bad boys.But if a book like the best of talent were to be written, it would be a collection of thousands of books, and it would never be free from sexual abuse, so that it could be filled with the words of Panan, Ziko, Shiko, and Man-goon, but if the author were to write his two poems of love, he would have created the names of two men and two women, and would surely be among the little ones, as would be the clowns in the play.And it is not a matter of words to say what you have to say.So, one by one, there are contradictions and all sorts of things that are not as good as the women I've seen before me, even though they are not as strong as all the people in the previous book, but they can also be sad, and there are a few verses that can be sprayed with wine.But if he is left alone with sorrow and despair, he will follow the trails and will not be afraid to pierce them a little, and will turn away from his true prophesy for the sake of mankind.Today's people, the poor, are burdened with food and clothing, and the rich, with a lack of hope. Even though they are idle for a while, and have a lustful desire, and have a sorrowful affair, there is work there to see the Book of Governance? So my story does not wish to be a wonder for the people, nor does it please them to read it, except that when they are intoxicated with it, or when they are in hiding from the world, they may save life from it. Then they save their tongues and their legs from their tongues.In addition, it brings new eyes to the world, as well as to old texts that are familiar with each other, such as those that are full of paper-based ladies and children.Why would I want to do that?"
　　The airfarers heard it, and their thoughts and thoughts will be re-examined by the Stones, for it is not the will of the world to speak out against evil or evil, nor the good of the father and the good son of the King-in-law, but all that is at stake in the land is the praise of virtue, the infinity of the family, and the likeness of the book.There is no such thing as an intercession, but it is not a lie. It is a pseudo-false, and it is comparable to a private contract.In the absence of any interference in the world, it has been recorded from the beginning to the end, and it is a legend of the world.Since then, the aerobics have become known as the Monks of Love, by virtue of their colour, by virtue of their love, and by virtue of their love, by virtue of their appreciation.Torokomei Creek says, "The Wind and Moon."Then, as Cao Celebrity was shown in the eulogy, it was added to and deleted five times as a table of contents and divided back and forth, the title was <the 12th in the Golden Mahal'.I'm not sure what I'm talking about.
　　That's ridiculous. That's a lot of tears!
　　Do you know who's got the taste?
　　It's clear what's on the stone.Press that rock in the clouds:
　　When the earth fell south-east, there was a place in the south-east where the gates of the city were among the richest of the dust.
　　There's a 10-mile street outside the gate, there's a In Qing alley in the street, and there's an ancient temple in the alley where everyone calls it a temple because of its narrowness.The temple is surrounded by a home town, a family name, a name, a name and a name.His wife, Juan, is a man of love, a man of understanding.Although the family was not very wealthy, he was also promoted locally.For it is a humble, uncalled for credit, and every day it is made to enjoy the flowers and the poetry of wine, but it is the best of the gods.It's just one thing: it's half a year old, with no children on its knees, with only one woman, and a name called English Lotus, three years old.
　　On a day when the summer and the day shall be spent in the study, and the hand shall be weary of the book, and it shall fall low, and it shall not slumber.Dream of one place, where it is not known.And behold, there came a monk, and he was able to speak.He only heard the question: “Where do you want to go with this stupid thing?” The monk smiled: “Reware, there is now a case that is about to be settled and that has not yet been brought to life.Take this opportunity and put this stupid thing in the middle of it, so that he can go through it.The humanism: "Is it true that the evils of recent days will be the end of the world?
　　But nowhere is it? “The monk laughs:” It's funny, and it's a rare thing to say.Only because of the three living stones on the banks of the Western River, with a sheath of grass, and at times with the servants of the Abdominal Palace, who irrigated the day with a manna. The sheath began for a long period of time.Then, when the beauty of the heavens and the earth and the rain had resurfaced, he took off herbs and changed herbs, and became a female body, and he swam from the earth to the earth, and hunger fed him with green honey and thirsted him with salted water.There is a entanglement in five of them simply because they have not yet been rewarded for the virtues of irrigation.And it was on that day that the servant of the God, who took the life of a peaceful Qur'an and sought to bring down a vision, hung up before the Miracle Fairy case.It was also asked by the police that the irrigation situation could not be solved.The Porcelain Fairy Road:He's Gump, I don't have any water to return.And when he came to be a man, and I went to be a man, he returned to him all the tears of my life, and was able to pay him back.'Therefore, how many people have come to settle the case with them.“That humane:” it's rare to hear.There's nothing to cry about.It's a little more subtle to think of this story than it's ever been.“The Monk:” has been a tradition of a few characters, but it is only a pseudo and a verse, and it goes to the family house without any mention of it.Moreover, most of the story of the wind months, but stealing and sneaking away, did not reveal the true nature of their children.And he who desires to be admitted to the world, he is a man of lust, and a wise fool, who knows that he is different from those who were told before him.“The human being:” is not it a virtue that you and I should go to the next world? “The monk:” is what I want, and you go with me to the palace of the Psychic Fairies, and you cut off the fool, and when the world is over, I will go back to you.Now, half of it is dead, not all of it.In that case, you're on your way.“At the end of the day,
　　But he said he could hear it all, but he did not know what a fool was.So I asked him, "It's a two-sian's turn.The monks are busy answering their prayers.And Cain said, “He hears what the fairy speaks of the cause and the consequence, and he hears nothing of the earth.But the foolishness of the disciples does not make it clear that if he is so stubborn and alert, he will be able to listen, and he will be able to protect himself from suffering.The two-simple laughs: "This is the one that cannot be predicted.So do not forget us, then, that you may jump out of the fire."Students listen, don't ask again.For a smile: "It's unforeseeable, but it's cloudy.Stupid thing', for some reason, or can you see it?" The monk said, "If you ask about it, there's one thing about it.Say, take out the delivery and the hideout.When he took a look at it, it turned out to be a distinct piece of beauty, with the words on it, with the words "spiriting" on it, and a few small lines behind it.When he wanted to look, the monk said that he had come to a mirage and took it from his hand. He had passed through a great stone shop with four large words, which were “too illusory”.There's another pair on both sides.
　　It's true and it's not true. It's nothing.And Cain intended to follow the past, and when he was walking, he heard a thunderbolt, and the mountains fell down.And he cried, and looked firmly, and saw nothing but the sun, and the barbers, and forgot most of the dreams.I saw the nanny come with Young-Lin.The more her daughter appeared, the better she felt, she reached out, she held her arms in her arms and took him to the streets to see the fun.When Dan wanted to come in, he saw only a monk coming from over there: the monk stomped on his head, and the monk fell on his head, went mad and sneered.And when he came to his door, he saw him holding the English Lotus, and the monk weeped and said to him, "Lord, what do you do with your life, with your parents in your arms?" He listened to him, and knew that he was mad, and did not listen to him.The monk also said, "I don't care, I don't care!" So he took his daughter away and asked to go in. The monk laughed at him and said four words:
　　It's a habit to laugh at you, man.
　　The best part of the festival is when the fire is extinguished.And they heard clearly, and their hearts were hesitant, and they wanted to ask about them.He only said, “You don't have to go with me, so let's break up. Let's go.After the three robberies, I waited for you in the North Mount, and I've come together to sell the same illustrious situation.The monk said, "The best, the best!" He said, "The two of them will go and they will no longer be seen."And there comes a time when there is in the hearts of Cain a time when there will be a time for these two, and it will be time to ask, and it will be too late to repent.
　　The Cain was obsessed with seeing a poor man, Jia, who was living in the temple next door, flying on his face and leaving the village of Rain.The village was originally a family of Huzhous and a family of poets who were born in the last life, whose parents had lost their roots and their populations, and who had been left with only one bite of him, who had no use in their homeland, and who had come to Kyoto in order to gain a reputation and rebuild their foundation.Since his age, he has been inundated and placed in a temporary temple, where he sells daily writings, and where he is often connected.When it rained the village to see Cain, he was busy with the laughter: “Is there any news on the street in the old man's eyes?” And he laughed: “No.It is boring for a young woman to cry and lead him out to play. My brother is a good man. Please enter Xiao Xai, and we can all live together forever.She said that she had been sent in to the study after she had joined forces with Rain Village.A little child's tea.He said three or five words, and he said, "The Lord is here to say his respects.“I'm sorry for the sin, but I'm here with you.Rain Village is busy and has given way to: "Mr. Old Man, please.It is not a sin to wait while a young man is a constant guest.He said, "Scain's out of the lobby.
　　This is the village of rain and it's the place where the books are stunned.When there was a woman's cough outside the window, the village rose up and looked out the window as if it were a girl, where the flowers and the manners of life were constant and the eyes were clear, but it was not very colorful, but it was moving.Yumura can't see it anymore.The girl had a flower, and when she wanted to leave, she looked up and saw someone in the window, wearing a towel, and, despite being poor, she was born with a thick back, a big mouth, a sharp eye and a straight nose.The girl turned around and thought, "This life is so big, but it's so stubborn that he must be what my master used to say about Jia-su village, and every time she wants to help Zhou-ji, it's just not a chance.My family does not have such poor relatives and friends, and there is no doubt about him.The weirdo says he's not a long-suffering man."Think so, you'll have to look back twice again.When he returned from the village, the woman was in love with him. She was a hero with great eyes. She knew her true self in the wind.The young child came in, asked about the food in the village and left the house from the middle of the tunnel.Cain has been left alone to know that the village is at its disposal and that no further invitations have been made.
　　One day, early and mid-autumn.The Cain family dinner was completed, but another room was set up, but they came to the village of Rain by their own steps.
　　It turns out that after seeing the handmaiden of the family on that day, the village had recalled him twice, and it was its own confidant, and it was always in its heart.This is the middle of the autumn, when the moon is in the arms of the moon.
　　I don't know what I'm talking about, but I'm sorry.
　　Suffice it, let's go back a few times.
　　Who's going to be in the middle of the month?
　　If you want, go to the Jade House first.Yamura cried out, and in his thoughts and aspirations for life, he sighed and sighed to the sky, resounding and resounding:
　　The jade seeks a good price in the palate, and it waits for time to fly.Chalkham came to hear and laughed: “Yumura's ambition is great!” Rainmura laughed: “But how dare you come to this moment when it comes to the words of those who have spoken before you?"Why did the old man come here?" And he laughed: "This is the fall of the night.The Festival of Reunification, in which you want your brother to send a monk's house, has a sense of silence, so you take your time and invite him to a cup of wine, and you don't know if he wants to drink?” After listening, without saying a word, the village laughs: “How dare you be in love with me?Says that the same person came back from the school.There is a cup of tea, and there is no need to speak of it.So they sat down, first to drink, and then to talk so much, that they could not see that the sky was stunned.At that time, when the neighborhood had a pipe, a choreography, and the first round of tomorrow's moon, the two had become more exciting and had a cup of wine to dry.At this point in time, the village is intoxicated with wine. It's in the arms of the moon. The slogan is no more:
　　All the time, there were three or five reunions, and there was a clear light to protect the jade bars.
　　It's only in the last round of the sky, and everyone looks up.And he heard, and cried, “Woe to me, every brother of mine is not of those who have lived for a long time. The words of this day have been spoken, and the signs have been seen, and the day will be upon the clouds.”I'm happy, I'm happy!"As a result of its work, the village sighes: “If it's not too late for wine, it may be too late to try out, but it will be too expensive to do so today, far away from the sky to be able to do so by selling words.And then he said, "Why didn't you say so?"Every time a fool has a heart, but every time he meets a brother, he doesn't talk about it and he doesn't dare to say anything.Now that's it, fools don't.The word 'Eli' knows it.And when you're just as old as you are, you'll have to go to the capital, and you'll have to go to the war, and you'll have to learn what you're going to learn.His brother has taken care of his own business, and he has done nothing wrong with his brother's false knowledge.” The young child was immediately killed to enter the house and fast sealed 50 silver and two winter clothes.And the clouds: “It's the 19th day of ecclesiastical practice, and it's not a big deal for me to meet you tomorrow!” Rainmura has a silver coat, but with a slight thanks, it's still a joke.On that day, the three men were handed over and the two were separated.After he took the village of Rain, he went back to his room until he woke up on the 3nd of the Red Day.In the event of last night's events, it was intended to write two more letters of advice and bring the village of rain to the land of God, so that the village of rain would cast a place of refuge.When he was invited, the family came back and said, “The monk said that the five drums were in Kyoto today, and left a message with the monk and conveyed it to the monk.Those who read do not belong to the zodiac gangs, but always follow reason and are unable to speak up.'Student listens, that's all.It's easy to be free, but it's a great holiday.In the middle of the night, Ho Qin sought to solve the problem by placing her at the threshold of a family.When he came to the rescue, there was a sign of the English Lotus. When he was in the middle of the night, he would not return to his master, and he would flee to his hometown.And when he saw his daughter overnight, he knew that something was wrong, so that some more could find him and come back without a sound.It is not the thought of a man or a wife who is born for half a life, but when she is lost, she weeps day and night, and she is hardly found dead.The month that he looked at was the beginning of a medical condition, when Sein and his children were also treated for their female problems.
　　On the fifteenth of March of this day, the temples were blown up, and the monks were not careful, making the oil hot and burning the window paper.They used a lot of fences, but they also took a lot of them, so they went on and on and on and on, burning a street like a mountain of fire.
　　How can the fire be saved, despite the presence of the military and the military? It burned all night, and gradually went out, and no one knew how many houses.
　　The poor family is next door and has already burned into a gravel field.Only his wife and several members of his family were never injured.The desperate ones are only sighing.But he shall consult with his wife, and he shall go to the fields and rest in peace.In recent years, there has been no shortage of water, no shortage of rodents, no land, no dogs and no peace of mind, which has made it difficult for the troops to capture them.And he had to change the fields, and took his wife and two daughters to his father-in-law's house.
　　And his father-in-law called for a seal, and his family was strong, though he was a farmer.I'm not happy when my son-in-law comes along.Fortunately, Cain and the silver from the converted fields had not been used up, and he had been asked to set up some of the necessary accommodations at a reduced price for the rest of the day.And it was a half-breeding and a half-breeding, and they had to share with him some of the ruins of the thin fields.As a man of reading, and not accustomed to biological crops and so on, he supported them for a year or two and became poorer.Every time they meet, they say what is ready, and those who were before them complain that they were not well-off, but that they only tasted good and lazy.In the knowledge of those who cast their will, there was no doubt in their hearts that they would not be free from regret, but that the past year was a time of alarm, a year of bitterness, a year of grief, a year of injury, a year of misery, a year of poverty, was beginning to unfold.
　　But this day, when a crutch was broken in the street, there was a crippled man, madly deluded, wearing a plaque, with a few words in his mouth, saying:
　　All the worlds know that the gods are good, but no one can forget it.
　　Where will this day be? The mounds of grass are gone.
　　The world knows the gods are fine, but only gold and silver can't forget!
　　At the end of the day, there was nothing but hatred, and the eyes were closed for so long.
　　The world knows the gods are good, but only the wife can't forget them!
　　King's birthday is a blessing, and he's gone with his death.
　　The world knows that the gods are good, and only children and grandchildren will never forget them!
　　And who has seen the sons and grandchildren of filial parents? And when he hears, he comes to him and says, "What do you say? All but hear."
　　All right, all right, that one laughs, "If you hear it.Okay, two words, you get it.You know the world is great, good, good.If not, it's not good. If it's good, it's good.This song is known to me as a good song, and when I hear it, I am fully aware of it.Because of the laughter: "Live! What's it like to tell you this song?" The laughter said: "You understand, you understand.""Scain says:
　　An empty room, full of beds, scavenging of grass, was a song and dance court.The silk is full of sculpturing beams and the green veil is now on the window.And he said, "What is the matter with the fat and the pink and the fragrant?" Yesterday, he gave the white bones, and this night he laid his eyes on the red lights.The box of gold, the box of silver, and all the beggars with their eyes open.Astonishing that the lives of others will not last long, and that they will return to their homes, and that they will be trained to be strong beams in the future.He who casts sorghums on the alleys of fireworks, and casts shackles on small hats, so that they broke the cold and the last night, and the violets grow: they baked me in your place, and they thought that their homeland was theirs.It's ridiculous. In the end, they're all married for others. The crazy cripple listens and smiles at them and says, "Get out of the way, get out of the way!" And he says, "Go!", "Get out of the way, get out of the way, get out of the way, get out of the way."And when they baked the neighbourhood, they became a story of news.And when he heard this letter, and cried and died, he had to consult his father, and sent him to visit every place, that he could not help but rely on his parents.Fortunately, there were two old-time maids, three master servants, who sold needles day and night to help their father.There is nothing more to it than daily complaints.
　　On that day, the girl bought a line in front of the door and listened to the sound of drinking on the street, and everyone said that the new lady had arrived.When she looked inside the door, she saw only the quick hand of the army, one pair of the past, and the Russian sedan carrying a hooded robe.She's got a bad face. She looks like she's seen him there.And then he went into the room, and he left it out of his mind.In the evening, while resting, he listened to the sound of a sound and many shouted and said, “The eunuchs of my house came to pass on the questions.I'm not sure what's wrong with you.